----------------1 name : ธนะชัย การธนะภักดี ,username github : thanachaik
Many years ago, there was an Emperor, who was so excessively fond of new clothes, that he
spent all his money in dress. He did not trouble himself in the least about his soldiers; nor did
he care to go either to the theatre or the chase, except for the opportunities then afforded him
for displaying his new clothes. He had a different suit for each hour of the day; and as of any
other king or emperor, one is accustomed to say, "he is sitting in council," it was always said of
him, "The Emperor is sitting in his wardrobe."
Time passed merrily in the large town which was his capital; strangers arrived every day at the
court. One day, two rogues, calling themselves weavers, made their appearance. They gave out
that they knew how to weave stuffs of the most beautiful colors and elaborate patterns, the
clothes manufactured from which should have the wonderful property of remaining invisible to
everyone who was unfit for the office he held, or who was extraordinarily simple in character.

----------------2 name : ชญาดา วิชัยโย ,username github : iicechyd
"These must, indeed, be splendid clothes!" thought the Emperor. "Had I such a suit, I might at  once find out what men in my realms are unfit for their office, and also be able to distinguish  the wise from the foolish! This stuff must be woven for me immediately." And he caused large  sums of money to be given to both the weavers in order that they might begin their work  directly. 
So the two pretended weavers set up two looms, and affected to work very busily, though in  reality they did nothing at all. They asked for the most delicate silk and the purest gold thread;  put both into their own knapsacks; and then continued their pretended work at the empty  looms until late at night. 

----------------3 name : วงศกร โปรตะเวช,username github : wongsakornp
"I should like to know how the weavers are getting on with my cloth," said the Emperor to
himself, after some little time had elapsed; he was, however, rather embarrassed, when he
remembered that a simpleton, or one unfit for his office, would be unable to see the
manufacture. To be sure, he thought he had nothing to risk in his own person; but yet, he
would prefer sending somebody else, to bring him intelligence about the weavers, and their
work, before he troubled himself in the affair. All the people throughout the city had heard of
the wonderful property the cloth was to possess; and all were anxious to learn how wise, or
how ignorant, their neighbors might prove to be.
"I will send my faithful old minister to the weavers," said the Emperor at last, after some
deliberation, "he will be best able to see how the cloth looks; for he is a man of sense, and no
one can be more suitable for his office than he is."

----------------4 name : ,username github :

----------------5 name : ,username github :

----------------6 name : ,username github :

----------------7 name : ธนะชัย การธนะภักดี ,username github : thanachaik
"Does not the stuff appear as beautiful to you, as it did to my lord the minister?" asked the
impostors of the Emperor's second ambassador; at the same time making the same gestures as
before, and talking of the design and colors which were not there.
"I certainly am not stupid!" thought the messenger. "It must be, that I am not fit for my good,
profitable office! That is very odd; however, no one shall know anything about it." And
accordingly he praised the stuff he could not see, and declared that he was delighted with both
colors and patterns. "Indeed, please your Imperial Majesty," said he to his sovereign when he
returned, "the cloth which the weavers are preparing is extraordinarily magnificent."

----------------8 name : ชญาดา วิชัยโย ,username github : iicechyd
The whole city was talking of the splendid cloth which the Emperor had ordered to be woven at  his own expense. 
And now the Emperor himself wished to see the costly manufacture, while it was still in the  loom. Accompanied by a select number of officers of the court, among whom were the two  honest men who had already admired the cloth, he went to the crafty impostors, who, as soon 
as they were aware of the Emperor's approach, went on working more diligently than ever;  although they still did not pass a single thread through the looms. 


----------------9 name : ,username github :

----------------10 name : ,username github :

----------------11 name : ,username github :

----------------12 name : ,username github :

----------------13 name : ,username github :

----------------14 name : ,username github :
